Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again, and we're here just to tell all the mothers Happy Mother's Day.
You know, in America, we celebrate the moms today.
I don't know if they do that worldwide—I don't believe they do—but we celebrate moms on this day in May.
Thank God for every single one of you.
You're the ones that have prayed a lot of your kids out of hell, wiped their noses, wiped their heinies, and did all of it.
A lot of it goes unappreciated—all the years of sacrifice, loving, and nurturing that mothers do.
We just want to say God bless you all; we pray for you.
Now, it was on my heart today—I told Diana—to the women who are able to conceive but are going through this day in America and you're like, "Man, where's my baby?
Where's my child?
" You're still standing and believing for your child; you're still believing that God's going to give you a child.
I believe by this time next year, when we celebrate Mother's Day again in 2026, you'll have your baby.
We're believing that today is your day of turnaround.
I said it's not a day of sadness for you moms who have not had a baby yet and are still believing.
This is a day of getting ready to rejoice.
So, rejoice with the ones around you who have a baby, knowing that yours is on its way.
If God's no respecter of persons, what He did for them, He'll do for you.
You may need a creative miracle in your body to receive and conceive a baby, but we know that nothing is impossible to him who believes; all things are possible.
I've seen miracle babies happen.
Whenever they are born into this earth, they go, "I don't know how it happened, but all I know is 'but God.
'" I know that God is going to work a miracle on your behalf.
We're standing with y'all.
Diana and I are believing for supernatural miracles for your wombs—and for the husbands.
Maybe it's not the wife who has the problem; maybe it's the husband.
But we're believing for supernatural childbirth and supernatural reproduction systems.
God is going to work on your behalf, and it'll be like, "Man, we conceived and it was effortless.
" That's what I'm believing God for, y'all.
Today is your day for your miracle.
It's going to start turning around, and this time next year, we're going to say, "We have our baby.
" Wouldn't that be exciting?
You'll have to send us a picture and say, "This is my miracle baby.
" Get ready to receive.
If God could touch Sarah and the deadness of her womb at 100 years old, think of what He can do with you.
You say, "Well, Brandon, it's been so long.
We've been trying for all this time.
" They tried for 20 years and had nothing, so much so that she said, "Go try to have a baby with my maidservant," and they had an Ishmael.
God wanted them to have their Isaac, and God still provided the Isaac, but they stepped out of sync with the Lord.
I just know that God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
It may seem like it's never going to come to pass in the natural, but I'm telling you, you'll look back at this and say, "Look, I have my miracle baby today.
" I believe it.
It's time to believe God for big.
Before we pray for all that, we want to go over a couple of other things.
I was excited about the Trump news—it sounds like we've been praying the last few videos.
We've been interceding for the trade agreement to come with China and America.
Today my son told me, "Dad, it looks like China and America are coming to the table and they're agreeing on a trade war to end.
" It might be a 60% tariff or whatever.
We need to pray for that to get lower.
60% is quite a bit; over 50% is ridiculous.
But they're talking.
The more I'm on this platform, the more the Lord reveals to me the purpose of this channel.
Whenever I was outside today, sitting in the beautiful early morning, the Lord said to me, "Brandon, the purpose is to pray.
The purpose is to change things.
When you see prophetically what I've showed you, it's to stop what is trying to manifest.
" If you see the negative, it's to warn the people of what's to come, but also that prayer changes things.
So He said, "Pray against these trade wars.
Pray against this stuff.
Take your authority as this big body of people—usually an average of 60,000 people—pray and change this.
" Pray against trade wars, shortages of medicines, and shortages on the shelves.
"I didn't tell you this just to let it happen.
" And I started thinking, you know what?
When He said that to me, I kicked myself in the rear.
That's the truth.
Why are we going to just sit by idly when we are the body of Christ and we can raise up a standard against this stuff by prayer?
We say, "No, devil.
We're not going to have shortages at Christmas, in the fall, or the summer.
We're not going to have medicine shortages where people die.
" To kill, steal, and destroy is the devil.
When the Lord started bringing that up to me, I realized my purpose on YouTube is to come on here and pray.
Praying for the women that can't have babies.
Praying for the people who are broke financially—telling you to sow seeds so you reap and do the things the Bible says you can do.
Not to sit back idly and go, "Well, I just saw a storm coming, and it's just going to overtake us all.
" The Lord has told us about the end times—that we're going to have darkness and the sun's going to look weird and the birds are going to act weird.
I understand that we're going to see these end-time events.
Things are going to happen because that's what Matthew 24, Revelation, and Daniel say.
If it's in the Bible, it's going to manifest.
The end times are going to happen, but it doesn't mean we have to participate in them.
I'm not going to let that affect my life.
I know that He's an abundant supplier regardless of what's on the television, regardless of the fish dying in the ocean or the volcanoes.
I'm always in the right place at the right time.
I will live long and finish strong.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it will not come nigh my children or my wife.
That's what we're going to say—we're going to line up with what the Word says.
We get to believe God.
We get to sow and sow into the kingdom of God, and He said we would reap thirty, sixty, a hundredfold.
Why would we not take our authority and believe God for the supernatural?
Now, I know there's a lot of people who don't know that we can.
I think it's because it's not taught in church.
And if it's taught, you have to catch it.
I catch it.
It's not going to go over my head; it's not going to come in one ear and out the other.
I'm going to catch this word and I'm going to bring it inside of me, and it's going to reap a harvest inside those seeds of what's being said even on this broadcast right now.
Catch it.
Say, 'You know what?
I line up with what the Word says.
I'll have what the Bible says I can have.
' And that's why I thought it was interesting.
We haven't seen nothing—not that I'm taking the glory for it or this channel, but I think we had a part, don't you?
I just know that's how big God is when we have this many people praying.
If one can put a thousand to flight, think about if two can send ten thousand.
How much more can sixty thousand of us as a group pray and change things?
That's why the devil hates this channel.
He hates this channel because I'm telling you, we put angels all around and he's going, 'Man, if those people keep praying, we're not going to be able to do anything.
' And that's what we want.
We want to bind them up.
And he's going, 'I can't even move because there's so many people praying against me.
' We're a threat.
But it's when we all go 'Rambo' and not pray as a body.
When we are praying in sync with each other as a body, we are a mighty moving army that is fierce, not some bunch of babies.
We're a bunch of warriors that come on here and say, 'We're going to go kick the devil's butt today.
' Seriously, we're going to come out there and run him over like a freight train.
He isn't going to come and mess with us.
And when the Lord shows us as a watchman on the wall and says, 'Hey, there's trade wars.
Hey, there's shortages of things.
Hey, there's all this going on.
Hey, there's a pope, a Haitian pope.
Pray over this stuff.
' I don't know what it's all about; all I know is God says, 'Pray.
' And I say, 'Yes, Lord.
I will do this.
Not even if my flesh wants to do it, I do it because I'm yielded to Him.
' So, we're thankful for every single one of you that show up.
Now, again, we started praying about this—was it three or four days ago?
Not even a week ago.
And they're at the table.
Would that have happened before?
No.
For weeks before, they weren't even talking; they were mad at each other.
But now all of a sudden, China and America are in Switzerland talking at the table and they come to an agreement.
We prayed yesterday.
We prayed the day before.
And I said, 'I call this to stop.
I speak to this trade war to stop.
' And we did it as a family.
And look at the result.
I'm just telling y'all to get excited that prayer changes things.
We're seeing it.
Does that mean we let up?
Right now, I'm just letting y'all know: this is when you hit it harder.
When you start to see fruit of what you're praying, it doesn't mean you go, 'Well, you know, it's time to let go of the rope.
' No, it's when you really pull it home.
That's whenever you keep...
it's like a dog in the road.
You keep hitting it until it's a greasy roadkill spot.
Sounds gross, but that's what happens.
It's a greasy spot.
You keep hitting that devil until he's a greasy spot.
Roadkill.
It's nasty, but it's the truth.
He's going to be roadkill to us.
We're going to keep running him over until he's a greasy spot.
Pick up the pace.
This is when we're going to pray over the trade war.
We're going to pray over this, that it's really truly over.
And then we've been praying peace over Ukraine and Russia.
Then they say, 'What's that?
A 30-day ceasefire, Zelenskyy.
' All the drama with Zelenskyy.
I said, 'He's an evil man.
' Then I told you I saw Obama in the background.
Remember I told you I saw Obama and the Democratic Party, and they were influencing Ukraine.
And as Trump landed and started making trade deals, like with the mineral deals and things like that with this Uncle Sam outfit—and I saw all that—and the Lord said, 'You see the hat?
You see he's making trade deals.
' All of a sudden, he was in control and Obama started to fade away in the background.
So that means Obama was the one in control.
Biden wasn't the one I saw; Obama was.
How many times have I told you Biden was not in the picture?
Biden was like running into walls and we had Obama running the show.
So we have that when Nancy Pelosi and these people—that's what I've told you all with all the money and the 24 billion.
I've warned you about these things.
So he started fading away.
So then I saw Putin with his cards waiting to play his cards, wanting to see how he could handle the cards.
So, we see Zelenskyy saying, 'Let's have a 30-day ceasefire.
' And then Putin saying, 'I'm willing to come to the table, too.
' So, we have both parties saying, 'We want to come to the table for a season of peace.
' Glory to God, family.
Do you see what we're doing?
It's two major things right there.
I'm encouraged about this today because I went, 'Wow, something that took years.
' And I kicked myself because I didn't look at what the purpose was even more: coming to agreement and saying, 'Listen, we're going to pray about this and not just pray about it just like we did the Trump presidency.
' And we prayed over—the Lord said, 'I want you to pray and intercede for him to win the election for 30 days.
' And I was like, 'For 30 days?
All right, we'll do it.
' And I agreed to it.
We did it.
And then I went over and we prayed every day for Trump to win the presidency.
And he won it by a landslide, just like the Lord said.
But He said, 'You're going to have to pray over this.
' So, this is what we're doing this week.
We see the trade things.
I feel an urgency to pray for Saudi Arabia and for the crypto.
There's something about crypto in Saudi Arabia with the digital stuff—the rising of the digital, the rising of this stuff happening—that we will see the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
That's what we're believing for right now.
God's pockets aren't empty.
Diana and I want to have an overflow amount of money to get the ministry stuff done.
For what the Lord has told us to do personally is going to take a lot of money, right?
But we know that God's pockets aren't empty.
We know that God has more than enough.
And that's why I told her, 'It's time to start believing God for bigger.
' Instead of just getting all upset and thinking, 'Well, we had a rough week.
When it rains, it pours.
' Oh, no.
You have what you say.
And that's what I told her.
I denounce the things we say out of our mouths.
We go back to the foundations and take communion and repent over things we've said—you know, we whined about things, having a bad week or whatever.
But you know what?
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
I'm not going to sit idly by and allow the devil to pick at me.
I just want you all to get bold about what we're believing for as a family today.
And so that's what I had for you.
I just was trying to encourage you a little bit because we see fruit.
We see fruit.
What we're doing, we're praying and we're seeing things, folks.
This should be exciting.
It's time to get excited when God's moving.
It's like Billy Burke says, "Something's going on around here.
Somebody better get excited.
" We go, "Okay, we're gonna get excited.
" I love Billy Burke.
"Something's going on around here.
Somebody better get excited.
" And he takes off running.
I go, "Yeah, it's time to get excited.
" Don't get used to God moving.
Everything He does, we should be anticipating, but also being in reverence and respect, and being in glory and awe.
Walking in the awe of God, going, "God, I'm in awe.
" Regardless, that's what He said, Brandon, for what's about to happen.
Don't become familiar with the miracles.
For what's about to happen with this end-time outpouring, don't become familiar with what I'm about to do.
Because there will be many of you that will look at it and go, "Oh, yeah.
It's just another healing.
It's just another blind eyes opened.
Oh, it's another dead raised.
I've heard that last week.
" Because we haven't seen it yet doesn't mean it's not coming.
And there'll be people that sit back and go, "You know, I've heard of that.
Another person received a baby.
Well, that's just average now.
It must be in the water.
" Get excited about all of it.
And give God praise regardless of what you have or what you don't have yet, because He's moving.
He's on the move.
Prayer changes things.
And it's a time to be excited when you see fruit of what we're believing for.
Now, what is the other thing we're believing for?
For the unsaved loved ones, for people that were not born again to get born again.
Yes, and that's what we're believing for.
So, let's pray today and believe for your baby.
That's what we're ending this with.
We're going to pray and believe God for babies.
And if the Lord wants to show us anything else in prayer right now, He'll show it.
If not, we'll end it with that and we'll come back again tomorrow interceding and believing God.
But oh yeah, we'll pray for the trade wars again today.
Yeah, that this will end, that it's over, and we'll have a victory day tomorrow.
Let's call it Victory Day.
It's going to be a May Day, a Victory Day.
No more fear, turning this thing around.
Let's do it.
Now, I might come on here and tell you about the storms I saw.
I saw two major huge storms, two huge tornadoes up by Nebraska.
And I saw all these things, but doesn't mean we don't have authority over storms.
I have never once had God say, "I want you to be afraid of a tornado, Brandon.
" He said, "No, you have power and authority over the storms.
" Never since we've been married have we not just taken authority over a storm and seen it dissipate.
I yell at them.
I'm sure the neighbors are going, "What is going on with that guy?
" But I refuse to even have hail hit my house.
And if I even see a little, I say, "No, you get back up in that cloud.
You ain't coming hitting my roof, because my insurance premiums will go up.
" No, you will not.
Why?
Because if Jesus can speak to the storm, so can I.
Because as He is, so are we in this world.
Glory to God!
Is that Bible?
Yes.
That's what the Bible says.
That's not Brandon.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Yes.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
That should get you excited.
That scripture right there should get you excited.
You should run around the house just by that verse right there.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
So, we're excited about that.
I love that scripture.
So, Father, we lift up this body before You right now.
And we thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with Your stripes, we are healed.
And Father, I thank You.
This is the meal that heals.
And You're touching the wounds.
You're touching the bodies.
Right now, Diana, we're going to agree.
You pray, you're going to agree with us that women are healed, men are whole and healed and well, and we call healing and wholeness and wellness over us in Jesus' name.
And we thank You, Lord.
The Bible says that we call those things that be not as though they were.
So whatever is going on in your body, we just line up with the Word of God.
And He says in His Word that we are fruitful and we multiply and that He will bless the fruit of our womb.
He blesses us going in and He blesses us going out.
And so Father, right now I lift up these couples before You that are believing God, that are believing You for a son or a daughter.
And whatever is missing, whatever is broken, we speak to that right now.
If you know what it is, you can speak to it right now.
You call those things that be not as though they were.
If you don't know, then we just pray, Father, that You said that You would bless the fruit of our womb and that You give us the desires of our heart.
So right now, Father, I speak to these wombs to conceive, to be whole, to be healed, to be well in Jesus' name, that their wombs are nourished, that whatever is missing in their wombs, whatever is missing in the male, would be there supernaturally.
Father, we speak to that.
We thank You that they will conceive and that it will be easy, that there's no stress involved.
We speak against stress and we call peace over the minds of these couples.
We thank You that Your perfect peace covers them right now.
Holy Spirit, I thank You that You just wash them with Your peace, the peace that passes all understanding, that they won't be fretting and worrying about this.
Peace.
And we thank You that they are fruitful and they multiply, and that You, Father, said in Your Word, You give us the desires of our heart.
So we call these things that be not as though they were.
And even though the symptoms may say, even though the doctors may say you can't have children, we know that's not true because You're a God of more than enough.
You're a God that meets all of our needs.
Everything that we could ever hope for, everything we could desire, there's nothing impossible with You, Father.
So right now we speak to these wombs and we thank You that they are whole and healed and well, that they have the perfect amount of whatever is needed.
If it's the fallopian tubes, we speak to the fallopian tubes.
If it's the womb, whatever's missing in the womb, that it's there, that baby is able to implant.
These men and women are fertile.
We call them fertile in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood of Jesus over their bodies.
And right now, we thank You that there's nothing missing, nothing broken.
And we thank You that when these babies come, they will come easily, quickly, effortlessly.
And that their labor will be painless, and even these women's feet will not swell.
Just like the Israelites, they walked through the wilderness and their feet did not swell.
So we call these mothers' feet to not swell even during their pregnancy.
Father, we thank You that we do not claim any symptoms.
We do not claim nausea and heartburn and indigestion and all these afflictions that the devil tries to put against us as pregnant mothers.
We do not claim those; we are not under the curse of the law.
We thank You that we walk healed and whole and well as children of God, and that we rise up and our husbands call us blessed.
And we thank you that we're blessed in this city.
We're blessed in the field.
We're blessed coming in and we're blessed coming out.
And we thank you that these parents will raise these babies up in homes where they would know you and that they dedicate these babies to you, Father.
They would come up in these end times, that they would be warriors in the spiritual realm, prayer warriors, and whatever you've called them to be, Father.
Davids and Esthers in Jesus' name in these end times, that there is a purpose for these children and a purpose that I know you have.
You said that you knit us together in our mother's womb and you're knitting them together right now in these mothers' wombs.
And we call it done.
We bless them in Jesus' name.
And we thank you for your blood, Jesus.
We thank you for your blood that covers all of our bodies, every missing thing, and nothing missing, nothing broken in Jesus' name.
Redemption of time.
Amen.
Glory to God.
And redeeming the time.
I see that what the cankerworm has eaten, he'll redeem the time.
You say, 'Well, I'm getting too old.
' We call redemption of time in Jesus' name.
For all the years that you've tried, Father, I thank you, Lord, for the years of toil to come back.
We have the seeds that we've sown in the past; we'll reap the harvest at last.
We turn it around in the name of Jesus.
And you're the redeemer of time.
You say, 'I'm 40 years old.
I'm 50.
' It doesn't matter.
I'm believing God for a baby that has no Downs, no autism, no special needs because of conceiving too late.
Well, the doctor says I'm a high-risk.
No, we're not going to have a high-risk pregnancy.
We're not going to have a high-risk baby with Downs or any of these other issues.
Father, we call for babies to line up with the word of God in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
Neurotypical with good Apgar scores.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We call those things that be not as though they were, like Diana was saying, and we call it in.
Pregnancy, come now in Jesus' name.
Receive your baby now in Jesus' name.
Today is a good day.
And by this time next year, we're going to have our child in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord.
No miscarriages.
That's a spirit, and we take authority over the spirit of miscarriages.
We tell you, Satan, let our wombs and our bodies go in Jesus' name.
And we align with what the word says: with long life he would satisfy us and show us his salvation.
And we thank you, Lord, for your healing power.
And now, God, we thank you for the trade agreements with Trump and China and all the things going on with our economies.
We say we have a window of a golden age.
Father, for the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Oh, we didn't take our communion; I just went on to praying.
And so, Father, we take this body now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for your healing power, not only over our bodies but whatever we're believing for today: healed and whole and well all over our bodies, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We thank you, Lord, that we're healed.
Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we make much of the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that we confess our sins.
You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, I just heard this by the spirit of the Lord: If you are living in a fornicating relationship, calling yourselves together and you're living together, do not believe for a child.
You're in sin.
You need to get married and put a ring on it.
Yes.
Live in covenant and keep the sin out.
If you want God to bless your household and bless your covenant, get married and make things right.
Keep things holy and clean.
I just heard that by the spirit of the Lord.
There's somebody that's believing for a baby, but you're not even legally married.
You're just living together saying, 'We want to have a baby together.
' And you're in sin.
And God's not going to bless that.
So, I'm not praying for you to receive a baby if you don't put a ring on it, sir.
Be honorable, marry that girl, or you say yes to him and marry him.
But don't you be living together thinking God's just going to bless us because we're common law.
Baloney.
Make a covenant with that girl.
Put a ring on her finger and go to the altar and make a covenant before God Almighty.
And God will bless that marriage.
But don't be saying you're going to live together because we don't really believe in marriage but we want to have a baby together and we're not able to conceive.
Don't bring a baby up in sin thinking God's going to bless it.
That's wrong.
And I'm very stern about this because I hear the Lord rise up inside of me to say this to somebody.
Don't be foolish.
Do what the Bible says, sir, and honor that woman and marry her.
Okay, so that's for somebody out there.
I heard that strong right then when I was about to take this blood.
Now, we repent of that sin.
Go down to the Justice of the Peace and get a paper if you can't afford a wedding.
Justice of the Peace is cheap.
Go down there and get that done and live that way in holy matrimony and not living like a hellion.
There's sin in your camp and God can't bless it.
Keep things clean.
I don't know who that's for, but I heard that strong inside of my spirit right then.
So, we take the blood of Jesus Christ and we apply the blood of Jesus over our relationships and we keep things clean.
Yes.
We repent and we turn from our wicked ways and we make things right by the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we aren't living like a bunch of alleycats, but we're living like Jesus.
We're not going to live like a bunch of animals.
No.
God's called us to be higher than that.
Father, we honor our wives.
We honor our husbands.
We honor that covenant, and we keep sin out of the house.
We keep our marriage beds clean.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that what you bless is holy.
And what you call holy, we call holy.
Forgive us of our sins, Father, and you cleanse us from all unrighteousness in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Hallelujah.
Yes.
I felt that so strong.
I felt like he was talking right through me in an audible voice.
It shook me inside and I said, 'Oh Lord, yes, I will address this.
' You haven't been taught.
I'm not condemning you.
I'm just telling you that you've got to know this stuff.
I'm not trying to hit you in the head and be mean.
I'm trying to tell you what the word says.
And when you line up with the word, the baby will come.
Watch.
Hallelujah.
Because God will get his hand on it then.
You can't call it blessed when you're in sin like that.
No.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the trade wars.
We call them ended.
We say there's a financial breakthrough coming concerning this, that there's a turnaround and there won't be this Pearl Harbor experience that you've showed me—an attack with China busting up on America or doing whatever.
Father, there'll be peace in the midst of this.
But Father, at the same time, I saw that there would be a major revival breakout in China because of a financial thing.
I still ask for that revival to break out.
I ask, Father, that there would be a supernatural shaking in China for a revival to break out, Father.
And it will be so widespread, like a wildfire, that they cannot contain it.
Whatever it takes, Lord, to shake China, to bring down that iron curtain, that they would have the greatest harvest of souls throughout China and all those two billion plus people, Father, that there will be a massive amount of people come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Now, some people say that China's population has gone way down because of COVID and all these other things, but I'm believing that there are people that need to know Jesus, that there is a mighty harvest coming in the Asian community throughout all of Asia, that there'll be a major harvest of souls in the name of Jesus and Taiwan, South Korea, North Korea, Philippines, China, Hong Kong, all of it.
We call for Japan to have a major revival.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that like I said, the trade wars are ending.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tomorrow we will have a good report with the trade wars.
Father, that this will not escalate, it will de-escalate, and that there'll be peace in all of Ukraine and in Russia.
And we call for Vladimir Putin and Zelenskyy to get along and stop acting like this.
Father, they'll not be bombing each other and hurting each other; we've lost enough lives.
A million people, I think, is what they said—a million men.
That is ridiculous.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this does not happen anymore.
That there's peace in Ukraine, there's peace in Russia, that there's peace in between them, and that this stops and the ceasefire happens now in the name of Jesus, and there's no more of this back and forth blowing each other up.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that what I saw happening with the Prince of Saudi Arabia and the digital platforms and all the things happening—Father, I thank you, Lord, that crypto will rise and all these things will happen because you said it's the Beast system, but before it, it'll be a transfer of wealth for the righteous.
Now God, I thank you for the finances to get the job done.
I thank you, Lord, that there's more than enough in my bank account.
There's more than enough in our bank account, Father, to produce the gospel throughout the whole world in the name of Jesus, Father, that we lack no good thing, that Father, it will come to pass and we'll finish the race strong and not going, 'Well, we don't have enough to finish it.
' We have enough.
There's more than enough to do what God's called us to do and promote the gospel throughout the whole world in the name of Jesus.
And then the end will come.
We believe that God's raised up men and women on this YouTube broadcast that are called to the ministry, that they'll not suffer lack for any good thing.
Whoever they are and they watch this, they have more than enough in Africa, more than enough in South America, more than enough in Asia, more than enough in the Middle East.
Preachers and pastors that are believing for churches and they live in huts or whatever you have to feed the orphans to do whatever—we believe with you for your finances to increase.
We believe with you that you have more than enough to get the gospel out, to produce churches, to do the things that God's called you to do.
That you're not struggling anymore, that you go, 'Well, Lord, where's that finances?
' Father, I thank you that even if you bring it in a fish's mouth to pay the taxes, you've got a gold coin in there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the gold coin God.
You do it again.
Father, you're able to do it again through a bird for whoever, bring us a sack of money through a dog bringing it, whatever, an angel.
Father, you're able to provide for these missionaries, for these people that watch this channel and that are believing for the supernatural.
There's some people out there that are believing for some things that are dire right now, that you need for orphanages or whatever.
We believe with you.
We believe with you and it will come to pass in the name of Jesus.
And when it does, email us and tell us, 'We got our harvest.
' We want to know.
We want to rejoice with you.
When you get your orphanage, whatever you're believing for, your church, whatever you're believing for, tell us and we're going to rejoice with you.
We'll tell everybody that prayer changes things.
That this is the God of miracles, that you saw what you're believing for, and that we stood with you.
We're excited for you.
We're believing with you, ministers.
We're believing for you, evangelists and pastors, prophets, teachers.
I know I have people watching our channel all over the world now.
All over the place.
Our channels are exploding on those other platforms.
So, we're believing with you as we translate this over there for your pastors, for you teachers.
You're reaching the nations for Jesus.
We're standing with you that you'll have more than enough to get what you need done.
That God has an abundant supply of finances for you.
You say, 'Well, I just need healing.
' We believe that God has an abundant supply of healing for you.
There's an abundant supply of anointing that you don't have to lack any good thing.
That when you lay hands on the people, they're going to recover.
That this is a time for the great outpouring not on America alone, but on every nation around the world.
That we'll see a great, mighty move of the presence of God throughout the whole world.
And then the end will come.
We believe it.
This is a time to believe big.
Well, we believe with you right now.
I just thank you, Father.
I just thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Do you have anything more, Father?
Thank you, Father.
That all hidden things be revealed concerning terrorist attacks all around the world.
Thank you, Lord, for your divine protection over this nation.
That there's no Red Dawn experience with any of these terrorist cells.
Every evil plot, every plan of the wicked will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for your supernatural watchers out there that will see and go, 'There's trouble here,' and they find them and they take them out.
Now, God, I thank you for President Trump.
I call him protected as he goes on this Middle Eastern trip.
Tomorrow he leaves.
We call a hedge of protection around him for your secret service angels.
Your mighty angels will go with him, protect him, that no weapon formed against him would prosper.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he has peace and that he'll have divine steps.
His steps are going to be divinely ordered of you, getting deals done to rise America up out of the ashes to have a time of harvest, a window of financial breakthrough for the body of Christ.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that you're the God that can turn it on a dime.
Father, with all these things and all the economy and all the woes of everything that we see, Father, I thank you that tomorrow will be the beginning of a great turnaround.
Tomorrow is the beginning of a great turnaround for us.
I'm believing big, y'all.
And we can't do it with a Great Depression right now.
We don't need a Great Depression; we need a great revival.
I know it's going to come with some pain, but we need the finances first and we need it now, and we're not going into that hole of a Great Depression.
We don't need it.
I'm not believing for that for me.
No, we have too much to do and it's going to take too much to do it.
That's why I say no, not now.
We have to get the harvest in.
When this stuff happens, the great shaking happens and all these things happen like the Lord said are going to happen, the harvest will come in.
But we need to have the stuff ready for them when they come.
We need to be organized so that we're not saying, 'Well, we don't know what to do.
' Seriously, we're going to have it ready.
Come on, we've been waiting on you.
Come on in, we've been waiting on you.
Here's your meal; here's your water.
We knew you were coming.
We've been waiting on you.
God told us this was coming, and we're excited about it.
Just like Joseph; he had all his brothers and all of them come in there saying, 'We've got to have some help.
' But he was ready for them because he had stored up and he knew what was coming.
Seven years of plentiful, seven years of famine.
Joseph knew it was coming.
God's told us what's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
But he said, 'I'm going to provide a window of opportunity for this remnant to get ready.
' I'm part of the remnant; I'm excited.
He told me it's coming.
I'm excited.
Let's get ready.
They're coming in hot like he said.
Praise God.
I'm excited, folks.
Great days ahead for the body of Christ.
It's not a down and out.
Oh no, let's rejoice.
We're going out with victory.
We're not going out with our tail between our legs feeling sad for ourselves.
No.
We pray this video blessed you today.
We do.
I'm excited for the mothers that are receiving right now what they've been believing for: your healing, your demonstrations, for your unsaved loved ones coming in.
We're believing for financial turnaround.
We're believing for it all.
And we're excited to be here every single day.
We come in here and pray with you all.
We're believing for big with you.
We pray that you're believing for your big.
Believe big for us.
Dian and I, we're standing for a lot.
You pray for us; believe with us.
We're believing with you.
And so, we thank you for being here.
We see the fruit of change.
Now, I didn't go into deep intercession today.
I know there's a lot of mothers that want to spend time with their family.
So, we'll let you do your family time and then you come back and watch this again with us and we'll have another video out and I'll spend more time interceding.
But today's good family time in America.
God bless you all and we pray this video blessed you and we'll see you soon.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
Click the notification bell.
Click the likes, the thumbs-up button—do all the things that help to get us in the algorithm.
We need your help.
Like I said, we pray for you; you pray for us.
We love you all and we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we believe you receive and have a great day today.
See you tomorrow.